Japan
2 years ago
What? What is it?
Something is up with my
Fran Ju
Rodrigues
P wollen
No one's got it, but in some way, he forgot about it.
And he ran to the roof of his house.
And in town, at the barbed wire, he called you, Chon著
Right, my foot!
Sir, how's that sound coming from you?
All right, it's that best
Shut! Sh2t UN trat
Man, wait!
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I picked two 5-ball balls from the 3-th.
Show me.
What?
These are not 5-ball balls.
They are Tanpa-hozuki.
Oh, I see.
They are so soft.
I thought they were a racket.
Come on, the best.
Oh, please.
What's wrong?
There is something white and round over there.
I opened my mouth.
I can see something underneath.
What's that?
Oh, that's a frozen chicken.
What's wrong?
You're so clumsy.
I just said it.
It's a chicken.
Then, what's this?
I feel like my neck is going to explode.
It's raining again.
I'm so lazy.